[docs][secure-store] Add a paragraph on data persistance (#31845)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/securestore.mdx

On iOS, values are stored using the [keychain services](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/security/keychain_services) as `kSecClassGenericPassword`. iOS has the additional option of being able to set the value's `kSecAttrAccessible` attribute, which controls when the value is available to be fetched.

## Data persistence

> `expo-secure-store` is designed to provide a persistent data storage solution across app restarts and updates. However, it is important not to rely on it for storing irreplaceable critical data. Data saved using expo-secure-store will not be preserved upon app uninstallation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`expo-secure-store` is designed to provide a persistent data storage solution across app restarts and updates. However, it is important not to rely on it to store irreplaceable critical data. Data saved using `expo-secure-store` will not be preserved upon app uninstallation.
```

> `expo-secure-store` is designed to provide a persistent data storage solution across app restarts and updates. However, it is important not to rely on it for storing irreplaceable critical data. Data saved using expo-secure-store will not be preserved upon app uninstallation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`expo-secure-store` is designed to provide a persistent data storage solution across app restarts and updates. However, it is important not to rely on it as a single source of truth for irreplaceable, critical data. Data saved using `expo-secure-store` will not be preserved upon app uninstallation.
```

> Additionally, any data protected with the `requireAuthentication` option set to `true` will become inaccessible if there are changes to the user's biometric settings, such as adding a new fingerprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, any data protected with the `requireAuthentication` option set to `true` will become inaccessible if there are changes to the user's biometric settings, such as adding a new fingerprint.
```
